# Divi Masternode Rewards Calculator
Masternode reward estimations

##### How to use
To use the calculator go [our website](https://diviproject.org/calculator "Divi Project Masternode Calculator")

# FAQ
#### Where does the "Divi Minted Per Year" number come from?
The Divi minted per year is based on the number of tokens that will be generated by our protocol every minute (12.5) over the course of a year. Since this is subject to change, the variable is modifyable. Give it a try!

#### Where do the "Number of Nodes" come from?
The number is currently pulled directly from an Ethereum node we have running in our offices that searches the network for wallets holding a certain amount of DIVX. 

#### Won't the "Number of Nodes" be different when the protocol launches?
Yes. Currently the number of nodes for each tier is very generalised. For example, if a wallet holds 31,000 DIVX, they are automatically grouped into the **Platinum** tier, even though that wallet may choose to have a **Platinum** and a **Copper** Masternode. For this reason, we have developed these variables to be modifyable. Give it a shot!

#### Where does the "Current Cost in USD" come from?
We pull the current market value of DIVX directly from [CoinMarketCap](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/divi) and multiply it by the number of coins required for the tier in question.

#### How does the "Reward Split for Nodes" work?
The seesaw algorithm which we employ in our protocol allows for a automatically moderated percentage of tokens minted to be disseminated to the nodes and stakers. In theory, 45% of the coins go to Masternodes, 45% go to stakers (non-masternode wallets), 8% goes to the treasury, and the final 2% is reserved for charitable causes. However, in practice and to keep the network running smoothly, the weighting between Masternodes and stakers could vary slightly to incentivise supporting the network in one way or the other. For this reason, this field is editable. Go on, give it a try!

